Add scrollbaroptions FormSpec element (#8530)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

### `scrollbar[<X>,<Y>;<W>,<H>;<orientation>;<name>;<value>]`

* Show a scrollbar using options defined by the previous `scrollbaroptions[]`
* There are two ways to use it:
    1. handle the changed event (only changed scrollbar is available)
    2. read the value on pressing a button (all scrollbars are available)
* `orientation`:  `vertical`/`horizontal`
* Fieldname data is transferred to Lua
* Value of this trackbar is set to (`0`-`1000`) by default
* See also `minetest.explode_scrollbar_event`
  (main menu: `core.explode_scrollbar_event`).

### `scrollbaroptions[opt1;opt2;...]`
* Sets options for all following `scrollbar[]` elements
* `min=<int>`
    * Sets scrollbar minimum value, defaults to `0`.
* `max=<int>`
    * Sets scrollbar maximum value, defaults to `1000`.
      If the max is equal to the min, the scrollbar will be disabled.
* `smallstep=<int>`
    * Sets scrollbar step value when the arrows are clicked or the mouse wheel is
      scrolled.
    * If this is set to a negative number, the value will be reset to `10`.
* `largestep=<int>`

>     * Sets scrollbar step value when the bar itself is clicked.

Reviewer: `largestep` is no longer used if you click on the tray.
```suggestion
    * Sets scrollbar step value used by page up and page down.
```

  (main menu: `core.explode_scrollbar_event`).

### `scrollbaroptions[opt1;opt2;...]`
* Sets options for all following `scrollbar[]` elements
* `min=<int>`
    * Sets scrollbar minimum value, defaults to `0`.
* `max=<int>`
    * Sets scrollbar maximum value, defaults to `1000`.
      If the max is equal to the min, the scrollbar will be disabled.
* `smallstep=<int>`
    * Sets scrollbar step value when the arrows are clicked or the mouse wheel is
      scrolled.
    * If this is set to a negative number, the value will be reset to `10`.
* `largestep=<int>`
    * Sets scrollbar step value used by page up and page down.
    * If this is set to a negative number, the value will be reset to `100`.
* `thumbsize=<int>`
    * Sets size of the thumb on the scrollbar. Size is calculated in the number of
      units the thumb spans out of the range of the scrollbar values.
    * Example: If a scrollbar has a `min` of 1 and a `max` of 100, a thumbsize of 10
      would span a tenth of the scrollbar space.
    * If this is set to zero or less, the value will be reset to `1`.
* `arrows=<show/hide/default>`
    * Whether to show the arrow buttons on the scrollbar. `default` hides the arrows

>       when the scrollbar gets too small, but shows them otherwise.

Reviewer: The arrow buttons are not hidden if the scrollbar is too small, but if it's too broad. (If it's 4 times wider than long, the buttons are omitted.)

I don't think that the default option is needed. The default can be `show`.

Author: The `show` options will _always_ show the arrows, whereas `default` lets the scrollbar choose.  The `show` option can be used, for instance, to only show arrows and no bar, e.g. this code will make a spinbox:
```
scrollbaroptions[arrows=show]
field[0,0;3,1;field;SpinBox;5]
scrollbar[0,3;0.5,1;vertical;sbar;0]
```
If we didn't have `default`, though, then some scrollbars might end up this way accidentally.
